README.md, before:

# InstaGallery

InstaGallery is a simple web app, inspired by similar apps such as Instagram, that offers uploading of photos, displaying of uploaded photos in a grid gallery format and filtering of uploaded photos (with a single filter or multiple filters).

![InstaGallery example](./imageExamples/FilterTest.png)

This is a very early beta version of InstaGallery which means that only basic functionality has been added and there is also a known bug that the developer team is working to solve for future versions. More features are also planned for future releases:

## Features to be added in future versions

* User login and registration.
* Persistence - storing of the photos that have been added to the app for rerendering next time the app is opened.
* Delete functionality - deleting photos from the app.
* Commenting on photos and viewing other users photo galleries.
* AI photo editing assistant (for pro photo editing tips).
* Save functionality - drawing of filtered photos to a canvas element, which will enable saving of edited photo.
* Improved UX/UI-design.

### Testing

InstaGallery has been tested using manual testing of some common use cases and edge cases. Will also be user tested before release.

### Bugs

Photos are displayed in a scattered pattern in the grid gallery.

### Credits

* [Upload-widget](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bytescale/upload-widget) by @Bytescale.
* [Photo Assistant Library](https://www.npmjs.com/package/photo-assistant) created by Sabrina Prichard-Lybeck.

### License

This code is licensed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Added JSDoc to public methods and updated error handling to make it more clean

README.md, after:

# InstaGallery

InstaGallery is a simple web app, inspired by similar apps such as Instagram, that offers uploading of photos, displaying of uploaded photos in a grid gallery format and filtering of uploaded photos (with a single filter or multiple filters).

![InstaGallery example before](./imageExamples/Before%20filtering.png)
![InstaGallery example after](./imageExamples/After%20applied%20filter.png)

This is a very early beta version of InstaGallery which means that only basic functionality has been added and there is also a known bug that the developer team is working to solve for future versions. More features are also planned for future releases:

## Features to be added in future versions

* User login and registration.
* Persistence - storing of the photos that have been added to the app for rerendering next time the app is opened.
* Delete functionality - deleting photos from the app.
* Commenting on photos and viewing other users photo galleries.
* AI photo editing assistant (for pro photo editing tips).
* Save functionality - drawing of filtered photos to a canvas element, which will enable saving of edited photo.
* Improved UX/UI-design.

### Testing

InstaGallery has been tested using manual testing of some common use cases and edge cases. Will also be user tested before release.

### Bugs

* Photos are displayed in a scattered pattern in the grid gallery.
* Adding filters to multiple photos affects the other photos in the gallery aswell (filters are added to all photos, this is a bug in the library that needs to be solved - logic needs to be updated for future versions so that only the selected photo is filtered and also reset filter-functionality needs to be added).

### Credits

* [Upload-widget](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bytescale/upload-widget) by @Bytescale.
* [Photo Assistant Library](https://www.npmjs.com/package/photo-assistant) created by Sabrina Prichard-Lybeck.

### License

This code is licensed under the MIT license.
